
'filename' and 'compression slots of Image objects:
---------------------------------------------------
WH thinks that these shouldn't be slots of the Image class.  They are
not properties of an image, but rather of a saved file.  They should
be arguments to the 'writeImage' function, but nothing else
(otherwise, with the same logic, data.frames, matrices, etc.  could
have slots for 'filename' and 'separator character', which would be
just as odd).

'features' slot:
----------------
This shouldn't be a slot of the basic Image class, since it
corresponds to a rather specialized use case. For example, there could
be a derived class 'ImageWithFeatures' with that slot (and then some
validity checking that the list has the right length, contains the
right type and size of elements etc.)

'resolution' slot:
------------------
Again, this is a rather special use case, only applicable to
microscopy images of real-life objects. What's the resolution of an
image from a space telescope, a holiday picture, or pictures from a
CCTV camera on which you want to do novelty detection?

I think there is some value in allowing to store "tags" or image
attributes that were found e.g. in a TIFF file, or to add additional
ones by the user. For this, I would suggest just having a slot named
"tags" that is of type list, with arbitrary length, and its elements
can be, for example, list(resolution=2.5e6, units="ppi")

'colorMode'
-----------
Why is this sometimes spelt with uppercase 'M' (e.g. in accessor
functions) and sometimes with lowercase (e.g. in the 'Image' 
constructor and in the slotname)?  Both are exposed to users - 
and they might be happier about some more consistency.

'validity'
----------
There should be a validity method for Image objects. Currently it is 
possible to create invalid object e.g. with "new" that break e.g. the "show" 
method:

> a=new("Image")
> a

'Image'
  colorMode()   : Grayscale
  storage class : numeric 3D array, writable images in range [0..1]
Errore in if (dimobject[3] > 1) cat(sprintf("  dim()         : %dx%d, %d image(s)\n",  : 
  valore mancante dove Ã¨ richiesto TRUE/FALSE


